update mpt docs for permissioneddomains (#3251)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/references/protocol/transactions/types/mptokenissuancecreate.md

| Field             | JSON Type            | [Internal Type][] | Required? | Description |
|:------------------|:---------------------|:------------------|:----------|:------------|
| `AssetScale`      | Number               | UInt8             | No        | Where to put the decimal place when displaying amounts of this MPT. More formally, the asset scale is a non-negative integer (0, 1, 2, …) such that one standard unit equals 10^(-scale) of a corresponding fractional unit. For example, if a US Dollar Stablecoin has an asset scale of _2_, then 1 unit of that MPT would equal 0.01 US Dollars. This indicates to how many decimal places the MPT can be subdivided. If omitted, the default is 0, meaning that the MPT cannot be divided into smaller than 1 unit. |

> | `DomainID`        | String - [Hash][]    | UInt256           | No        | The ledger entry ID of a permissioned domain that will manage access to the MPT. You must set the `tfMPTRequireAuth` flag to use permissioned domains.<br>{% amendment-disclaimer name="PermissionedDomains" /%}<br>{% amendment-disclaimer name="SingleAssetVault" /%} |

Reviewer: Instead of using future tense, try phrasing it like this:

```suggestion
| `DomainID`        | String - [Hash][]    | UInt256           | No        | The ledger entry ID of a permissioned domain that grants access to the MPT. You must set the `tfMPTRequireAuth` flag to use permissioned domains.<br>{% amendment-disclaimer name="PermissionedDomains" /%}<br>{% amendment-disclaimer name="SingleAssetVault" /%} |
```

| Field             | JSON Type            | [Internal Type][] | Required? | Description |
|:------------------|:---------------------|:------------------|:----------|:------------|
| `AssetScale`      | Number               | UInt8             | No        | Where to put the decimal place when displaying amounts of this MPT. More formally, the asset scale is a non-negative integer (0, 1, 2, …) such that one standard unit equals 10^(-scale) of a corresponding fractional unit. For example, if a US Dollar Stablecoin has an asset scale of _2_, then 1 unit of that MPT would equal 0.01 US Dollars. This indicates to how many decimal places the MPT can be subdivided. If omitted, the default is 0, meaning that the MPT cannot be divided into smaller than 1 unit. |

> | `DomainID`        | String - [Hash][]    | UInt256           | No        | The ledger entry ID of a permissioned domain that grants access to the MPT. You must set the `tfMPTRequireAuth` flag to use permissioned domains.<br>{% amendment-disclaimer name="PermissionedDomains" /%}<br>{% amendment-disclaimer name="SingleAssetVault" /%} |

Reviewer: 1. You don't need `<br>` tags here, since the disclaimer already uses its own `<p>` tag.
2. Use "enable" instead of "set" for clarity when talking about flags. ("Set? To what?")
3. This is currently (as expected) throwing errors because the SingleAssetVault amendment isn't in the VHS data yet. We should make a note to come back and double-check this before merging to the master branch, closer to release—but it's not a blocker for merging to the `rippled-3.0.0` branch.

<img width="246" height="357" alt="2025-11-25_155553_819960840" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cbef66d4-6e6d-4a25-a1df-54091f17aa80" />

```suggestion
| `DomainID`        | String - [Hash][]    | UInt256           | No        | The ledger entry ID of a permissioned domain that grants access to the MPT. You must enable the `tfMPTRequireAuth` flag to use permissioned domains. {% amendment-disclaimer name="PermissionedDomains" /%} {% amendment-disclaimer name="SingleAssetVault" /%} |
```

| `tfMPTCanTransfer` | `0x00000020` | `32`          | If set, indicates that tokens can be transferred to other accounts that are not the issuer. |
| `tfMPTCanClawback` | `0x00000040` | `64`          | If set, indicates that the issuer can use the `Clawback` transaction to claw back value from individual holders. |

## Error Cases

Besides errors that can occur for all transactions, {% $frontmatter.seo.title %} transactions can result in the following [transaction result codes](../transaction-results/index.md):

| Error Code                | Description |
|:--------------------------|:------------|

> | `temDISABLED`             | Either the `PermissionedDomains` or `SingleAssetVault` amendment is disabled. |

Reviewer 2: `PermissionedDomain` does not have to be enabled for `MPTokenIssuanceCreate` to succeed. It only needs to be enabled if the user tried to use `DomainID` field.

Author: Updated to differentiate the amendments required when including the `DomainID` field.

> | `temMALFORMED`            | The `DomainID` is `0` or empty; you can also receive this error if you include a `DomainID` without setting the `tfMPTRequireAuth` flag. |

Reviewer: I see some other error codes that can occur [in the source](https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/blob/develop/src/xrpld/app/tx/detail/MPTokenIssuanceCreate.cpp#L29-L111), such as `tecINSUFFICIENT_RESERVE` and `temBAD_TRANSFER_FEE`.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure how the reader will interpret `... or empty`. The `DomainID` is an optional field, many users might not even want to use it. **IF** they do use it, it must point to a valid permissioned domain.

Reviewer 2: Also, there are other possible reasons to get `temMALFORMED` error

Author: @mDuo13 I don't think I need to include `tecINSUFFICIENT_RESERVE` since it's a common error and the reason for getting it in this case isn't unique to MPTs.

I did add `temBAD_TRANSFER_FEE` though.

Author: On second thought, I will add in the insufficient reserve since it's nice to see what object is adding to the reserve.

| `tfMPTCanClawback` | `0x00000040` | `64`          | If set, indicates that the issuer can use the `Clawback` transaction to claw back value from individual holders. |

## Error Cases

Besides errors that can occur for all transactions, {% $frontmatter.seo.title %} transactions can result in the following [transaction result codes](../transaction-results/index.md):

| Error Code                | Description |
|:--------------------------|:------------|
| `tecDIR_FULL`             | The owner directory of the account creating the `MPTokenIssuance` ledger entry is full. |
| `temBAD_TRANSFER_FEE`     | The transfer fee specified is greater than the maximum allowed value of 50,000. |
| `temDISABLED`             | The `MPTokensV1` amendment is disabled. You will also receive this error if you include a `DomainID` field in the transaction, but the `PermissionedDomains` and `SingleAssetVault` amendments are both disabled. |
| `tecINSUFFICIENT_RESERVE` | The account creating the `MPTokenIssuance` ledger entry doesn't have enough XRP to meet the owner reserve. |

> | `temMALFORMED`            | - A non-zero transfer fee is set, but the `tfMPTCanTransfer` flag is _not_ set.<br>- The `DomainID` points to an invalid permissioned domain; you can also receive this error if you include a `DomainID` without setting the `tfMPTRequireAuth` flag.<br>- The `MPTokenMetadata` field is an invalid length (0 or exceeds 1024 bytes).<br>- The `MaximumAmount` field is 0 or exceeds 9,223,372,036,854,775,807 (2^63-1). |

Reviewer: `temMALFORMED` is one of the errors that can occur for any transaction type.

```suggestion
```

Author: True, but I think it's helpful to explain what specifically you could be malforming to make it easier for someone to troubleshoot.

Maybe I could preface it with something like: "Besides generally malformed transactions, you can receive this error if ..."

Reviewer: There are infinite ways to creatively malform a transaction, but if there are common uses or patterns that hit the specific cases described here, then I agree it makes sense to note it here with a preface like you suggested.
